# Source:Daring Fireball, URL:https://daringfireball.com/feeds/main, language:

## ★ Apple Pulls Advanced Data Protection From the UK, in Defiance of UK Demand for Global Backdoor
 - [https://daringfireball.net/2025/02/apple_pulls_advanced_data_protection_from_the_uk](https://daringfireball.net/2025/02/apple_pulls_advanced_data_protection_from_the_uk)
 - RSS feed: $source
 - date published: 2025-02-21T18:25:12+00:00

<p>Apple, in a very precisely worded statement issued to the media (including me) this morning:</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>Apple can no longer offer Advanced Data Protection (ADP) in the
United Kingdom to new users and current UK users will eventually
need to disable this security feature. ADP protects iCloud data
with end-to-end encryption, which means the data can only be
decrypted by the user who owns it, and only on their trusted
devices. We are gravely disappointed that the protections provided
by ADP will not be available to our customers in the UK given the
continuing rise of data breaches and other threats to customer
privacy. Enhancing the security of cloud storage with end-to-end
encryption is more urgent than ever before. Apple remains
committed to offering our users the highest level of security for
their personal data and are hopeful that we will be able to do so
in the future in the United Kingdom. <a href="https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/">As 

## Yankees Loosen The Boss’s Facial Hair Policy
 - [https://www.mlb.com/yankees/news/yankees-change-facial-hair-policy](https://www.mlb.com/yankees/news/yankees-change-facial-hair-policy)
 - RSS feed: $source
 - date published: 2025-02-21T16:10:45+00:00

<p>Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner:</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>“In recent weeks I have spoken to a large number of former and
current Yankees — spanning several eras — to elicit their
perspectives on our longstanding facial hair and grooming policy,
and I appreciate their earnest and varied feedback. These most
recent conversations are an extension of ongoing internal dialogue
that dates back several years.</p>

<p>“Ultimately the final decision rests with me, and after great
consideration, we will be amending our expectations to allow our
players and uniformed personnel to have well-groomed beards moving
forward. It is the appropriate time to move beyond the familiar
comfort of our former policy.”</p>
</blockquote>

<p>The appropriate time to change this was years ago, but better late than never. It’s the most Yankees story possible that this policy change is much bigger news than the fact that the team today also signed manager Aaron Boone to a two-year extension through the 2027 season

